{
    "Summary": "The paper investigates the issue of ambiguous training signals in datasets, highlighting how annotation inconsistencies can limit the benefits of dataset scale. It conducts experiments on a curated dataset with mismatched annotations and observes erratic learning behavior and performance plateaus. The authors suggest that focusing on dataset quality is more important than merely increasing dataset size.",
    "Strengths": [
        "The paper addresses an important practical issue: the impact of label noise and ambiguous annotations on model training.",
        "The discussion raises awareness of data quality challenges, which are often overlooked in large-scale dataset curation."
    ],
    "Weaknesses": [
        "The problem of ambiguous supervision signals is not novel and has been extensively studied in the literature; the paper fails to provide sufficient differentiation from prior work.",
        "The experiments are shallow and lack rigor, with no clear benchmarks or baselines for comparison. Results are largely inconclusive and fail to provide actionable insights.",
        "There is no methodological contribution or novel framework proposed to address the issue of ambiguous annotations.",
        "The paper is poorly written and organized. It lacks key citations, clear problem formulations, and structured analyses. Several details are vague, such as the exact experimental setup and the metrics used.",
        "The supplementary material adds little value, as the extended figures and analyses simply reiterate the inconclusive findings."
    ],
    "Originality": 2,
    "Quality": 2,
    "Clarity": 1,
    "Significance": 2,
    "Questions": [
        "How does this work differ from existing studies on label noise and ambiguous annotations?",
        "What is the exact experimental setup, and why were these specific experiments chosen?",
        "Why were no benchmarks or baselines included for comparison?",
        "Can the authors propose or evaluate any methods to mitigate ambiguous supervision signals?"
    ],
    "Limitations": [
        "The paper overlooks prior work on mitigating label noise and ambiguous annotations, which makes its contributions appear redundant. It also fails to suggest any practical solutions to the problem it identifies."
    ],
    "Ethical Concerns": false,
    "Soundness": 2,
    "Presentation": 2,
    "Contribution": 2,
    "Overall": 3,
    "Confidence": 5,
    "Decision": "Reject"
}